soon it will be the next console
generation begins and with it the
first generation where the two
key devices almost simultaneously
the xbox live in the shop
will be released on november 22 the playstation
4 on 29 november and so slowly is the
was scarce for pre-order the
first are already sold out and one
should really think slowly
which console do you now under
wants to put his television
but how do you decide that at all
what convinces us about a console
buy and leave the other in the shop
the one I win is based on
certainly loyalty because neither sony
still microsoft are in some way
good people they only want one of you
coal coal became kohl is kommune
cool colo colo colo colo colo colo colo
colo colo colo
For example, transa land sony has
decided against drm from the beginning and
Many people find that very well
but they did not do that to you
to do something good or because they are
net are but because of their analysts
have predicted that they will do more
sell consoles and make more money
Instead of blindly behind a company
you should rather run
think about what's really important though
what is that really what is really
It is important that the technology continues
the playstation 4 the nose in front through
the faster frame is the look
about that after the xbox announcement so
was spoken a lot
or is it the controller at
this console generation even at
two is pretty much the same, or is it
maybe the price the playstation 4
costs 400 euros the xbox walker times 100
more euro so 500 euros for it
However, one of the xbox of synonymous
fifa 14 and kinect are there again
the question is what you need or want
you do not have my opinion
to
However, these are all details of the
group buys you so a console
even they are not buying for
look at
you do not buy them for
Any movement technique one buys
they are not for the technology it must
There is only one thing that really matters
is and for the games
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm not talking about games now
like hot dogs or destiny because that gives
it for both consoles
I would just play it for
One of the two consoles gives up games
which you have to do without when you are
for the other console decides
Let's take a look at the launch titles
So the titles at the same time
The console landed loading come for the
xbox live we once rice that
this motto was similar schnitzel
play by crytek we have precautions
motor sportfive the newest part of the
probably currently best racing game series
ever and we have the game of chance
killer instinct and the rail shooter
carry crises
also, of course, dead rising appears
3 which I already play extensively
but unfortunately could not in Germany
for the playstation 4 we have the ego
shooter killzone job in front of the
his artwork at the first
presentation pretty for excitement
We have still got that
jump'n'run crack and the action game
Reso can and it was actually
already drive works what originally
was announced as a launchtitel and so on
should speak a bit
was postponed to 2014
Frankly I have the line up of
the two consoles not really
from the stool I'm a very good one
above all , very likely
therefore, in my opinion
the xbox just live a bit the
nose in front but if none of these games
would somehow be a ass reflex with me
cause if I do not have it
could be like glass from where
I would be upset animal
so let's go in a bit
the future looks 2014 because there is
even one or the other title
announced for the xbox want
for example, quantum break from the max
payne invent with remedy and the
next halo part of the probable
Do not miss fans in any case
besides, acts come full only for
the xbox ears and the pc
So who has no gaming pc and is looking for
A console must decide in the
next generation and necessarily times
wants to play full of must to xbox
Living grab is full for us
from the piz with him for most of that
been the gamescom 2013 game
because it has led like one
faster call of duty we had like that
have fun with it
that came already in mind for me has
the first time modern warfare 2 played
what we still have after years
I think this will be a complete gamble
big title and unfortunately xbox from
explodes unfortunately because it is natural
it would be better if everyone had to play
for the playstation 4 will be released in 2014
on the one hand drive we are already short
have briefly spoken then still in
filmes seconds on which I think so
many people are happy
and like 1886 one did not become one yet
all too much knows except that the gods
to work in front of it and that is
yes ever quite good is character
You also have to keep in mind
not all keep that yet
interesting title for each
consoles are announced
there are still developers like naughty dog
so far for the playstation many
have not announced anything or epic
which usually make something for the xbox
namely geso before
and there will certainly something
what we do not know yet
but it can also be quite off
what is the conclusion now which
console should you buy now for now
xbox or playstation 4 and mine
answer to that is you have to
know yourself just look at the
titles to the respective consoles
come and think about you
more appeal is there any title
where he says to the I can on
do not give up any case because then
the decision should be relatively easy
fall
I for my part would think so
favorite developer studio naughty dog
to hell and for all
I have another title for my pc
[Music]
this is from the theme of playstation 4 and xbox
from which console you will be
decide and unite why it
is a particular game or it is
but something like the controller or
he could pay the price in the
I would already write comments
interest
otherwise we have on the left side
another video where we are the coolest bosses
and so the big live stream
have cut together and on the
right side of the sepa around 90 times with
could try real weapons
not as cool as you might think
Thank you very much for that
watch until next time